README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mdb/wp2middleman.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mdb/wp2middleman)

# wp2middleman

Migrate the posts contained in a Wordpress XML export file to Middleman-style markdown files.

## Installation

```
git clone http://github.com/mdb/wp2middleman
cd wp2middleman
bundle install
rake install
```

## Commandline Usage

```
wp2mm some_wordpress_export.xml
```

Results in YYYY-MM-DD-Some-Title.html.markdown, formatted as such:

```
---
title: 'Some Title'
date: YYYY-MM-DD
tags: foo, bar
---

<p>The post content in HTML or text, depending on how it was saved to Wordpress.</p>
<ul>
<li>list item</li>
<li>another list item</li>
</ul>
```

### Optional parameters

```
wp2mm some_wordpress_export.xml --body_to_markdown true
```

Results in YYYY-MM-DD-Some-Title.html.markdown, formatted as such:

```
---
title: 'Some Title'
date: YYYY-MM-DD
tags: foo, bar
---

The post content in markdown or text, depending on how it was saved to Wordpress.

* list item
* another list item
```

Commit message:

include the post_type (if not 'post'), and post_id (optional) in the frontmatter; also filter out 'attachments' (images)

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mdb/wp2middleman.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mdb/wp2middleman)

# wp2middleman

Migrate the posts contained in a Wordpress XML export file to Middleman-style markdown files.

## Installation

```
git clone http://github.com/mdb/wp2middleman
cd wp2middleman
bundle install
rake install
```

## Commandline Usage

```
wp2mm some_wordpress_export.xml
```

Results in YYYY-MM-DD-Some-Title.html.markdown, formatted as such:

```
---
title: 'Some Title'
date: YYYY-MM-DD
tags: foo, bar
---

<p>The post content in HTML or text, depending on how it was saved to Wordpress.</p>
<ul>
<li>list item</li>
<li>another list item</li>
</ul>
```

### Optional parameters

* `--body_to_markdown true`: converts html content to markdown
* `--include_post_id true`: includes the original Wordpress post_id in the frontmatter (may be useful for migrating)

Example:

```
wp2mm some_wordpress_export.xml --body_to_markdown true
```

Results in YYYY-MM-DD-Some-Title.html.markdown, formatted as such:

```
---
title: 'Some Title'
date: YYYY-MM-DD
tags: foo, bar
---

The post content in markdown or text, depending on how it was saved to Wordpress.

* list item
* another list item
```
